[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: But again, the goal
is to get a 10,000 foot view of what
a production node code
base could look like and
some of the tools that you're gonna need.
So in order to do that, I did put together
a sample application that is based on
a sample application that you've
seen probably 100 times before,
which is TodoMVC.
I called it TodoMVC++.
Thank you, I'll show myself out.
But what the application does
is not the important bit.
Basically what this thing is going to do
is present a rich front end that shows
a To Do list that you can edit.
Most of the time this TodoMVC application
just lives on the client side and
persists stuff to local storage.
We've extended it to actually store
those todo list items in a database
which is driven by
an express based API layer.
So the what of the application is not so
not as important as the how,
so that's what we're going to
be focusing most of our time on.
So that's why I went with a sample
application that we already understand.
So that we can focus on
the layout of the project, and
how we go about our business
of building the project.
We will dive into a few specific details,
especially tomorrow when we talk about
ViewJS and how ViewJS handles rich front
end development tasks, things like that.
But we probably won't go
too deep into any one tool.
Again, the focus is on
that 10,000 foot view.
It'll mirror the techniques that you might
really use in your NodeJS application,
I'm sure you'll riff on
what we put forward.
It also doesn't do everything
that you might do in production.
Just at some point you have to draw
the line in a learning experience like
this one, so
there's stuff that you're gonna wanna do
in production that you won't see in here.
So we're not going to do the DNS
configuration to route a domain to our
elastic load balancer instance.
We don't implement cache busting
file names based on the hashes of CSS and
JavaScript content.
So there's definitely areas in which we
can go further in our road to production.
But this is kind of a baseline
that you can use to build
out those other things as well.
It's going to do most of the big
things the way that you're
probably gonna want to approach it.
The code is structured using
the Google JavaScript style guide.
I don't know if it's the best one,
but it's the one I use, and
as long as you have a style guide
I feel like that's pretty good.
And it also combines a set of
technologies that I use personally, and
have used for a long time.
And again, there might be some
that you prefer over another.
Maybe you think Happy is better than
Express, and maybe that's true but
this is a set of technologies
that work together pretty well.
And I invite you to riff
on that as we go through.